Previously on
RuPaul's Drag Race.
For your first maxi
challenge. you'll pay tribute
to all the scrappy
queens that came before you.
By using their leftover
treasures to create your
own signature drag look.
Nini Coco.
Literally.
I will wear this outfit outside.
Vita VonTesse Starr.
The way you have that
one umbrella piece is
so pleasing to the eye.
Kenya Pleaser.
It just looks sloppy.
It looks lopsided.
Mandy Mango.
It's just a little too messy.
Oh. my God. I hate it.
Kenya Pleaser. Mandy Mango.
You are the bottom
queens of the week.
But.
No one is going home tonight.
Nini Coco.
Vita Von Tesse Starr.
You are the top
two queens of the week.
Nini Coco. condragulations.
You're a winner. baby.
Yes. sister.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
We just survived the
first challenge of season
18. and nobody went home.
Congratulations. ladies.
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
How did that feel?
The first lip sync
of the season.
Girl.
The adrenaline is so high. it
kicks in. and it's so surreal.
And you won. girl.
Congratulations.
Yes. Congratulations.
How does it feel to
win after most of the
girls counted you out?
It is Water off a
duck's back. baby.
These girls are
letting me know that
they don't think I
necessarily should have won.
But I'm not trying
to impress the other girls.
My goal is to impress
the judges and take the crown.
Jane. you were
kind of impressed.
Miss Jane.
Girl.
I mean. it is what it is. girl.
but what should it have been?
Oh.
I mean. at the end
of the day. this
country's still going to
see your exposed bra straps.
I think my look
was stronger than Nini's.
I look at Nini's dress and
I go. that's a pine cone.
Mandy and Kenya.
Did you think you were
gonna have to lip sync tonight?
GirI. was ready. bitch.
I was like. let's twirl.
Oh. my God.
Thank you. Jesus.
I escaped the bottom two
by a hair of DD Fuego's
chinny chin chin.
That was a predicament I
did not want to be in
ever again in this
competition because I
plan on staying around.
I mean. we're only
gonna go up from here.
Better watch out.
Cause once we start
getting into the performance
challenges of it all.
that's my really strongest suit.
I cannot wait to
see how this turns out.
Let's get out of drag. bitch.
How are you feeling
after all that?
I feel fine.
It's no tease. no shade.
And I get that we're
all gunning for the same crown.
It's right out of the gate. so
insecurities are on display.
Everybody's going to
speak on it. whether or
not it was solicited.
Sure.
And I'm like. speak away.
We all survived the first week.
But. honey. somebody's
got to go home.
You want some of that. baby?
Is that what you want?
Is that what you want. baby?
The herd has to
start thinning out.
His survival of
the fittest. honey.
And if you ain't
fit. pack your shit.
The winner of RuPaul's
Drag Race will snatch an
official makeup
collaboration with Anastasia
Beverly Hills Cosmetics. and
a cash prize of $200.000.
courtesy of RuPaul's Drag
Race match Queen. with
extra special guest
judge Dove Cameron.
Good morning. everybody.
Good morning!
It's a new week in the workroom.
Someone is still going to have
to be the first one to go.
Although I am loving
these girls. it's time
to get them on out.
And. and. Bitch.
that don't include me. okay?
I think we have such
a strong collection of queens.
I think it's so fabulous
seeing so many different
points of view in drag.
And it's a much
more mature season two.
Now. hold on.
Yeah.
Why did you say.
like. it's a bad thing?
Girl. it's giving geriatric.
We're waking up
popping Bonviva and Advil.
Honey. you don't know.
Girl.
She already had hers.
Let's go. Mother.
Ru rule number 72.
Everyone has a voice. but not
everyone deserves a microphone.
T Shit.
We're about to sing.
Hello.
Hello. hello.
Hi.
Good morning. Ladykins.
- Good morning. Ru.
Now. this season is just
getting started. and
I am ready to plop off.
Now. for this week's
maxi challenge.
you'll be performing
in "3Q" pop girl groups.
The "Q" is for" Quintessentially
Queer and Queenie".
The first Q Pop
track is "Funk Almighty". a
disco fantasy inspired by the
legendary superstar Sylvester.
The next track is "Go
. Go. Go". a high energy
bop inspired by the
iconic 80s band Wham.
And the third track
is "Cherries". a total banger
inspired by the all
female rock band. the Runaways.
- Yeah.
- Yes!
All right. now. Nini
and Vita. as last week's
top two. you each
get to pick your groups.
Ooh. very good.
And the queens that you don't
pick will form a third group.
Assume the position.
All right. Nini. you
get to choose first.
I'm going for the win.
And so if it's gonna
hurt some feelings. it's
gonna hurt some feelings.
Mia Starr.
Mia Starr. the choreographer
extraordinaire.
Bitch. you're on my team.
Vita.
Your turn.
Briar.
My first choice was
Briar because I know
she's a show director.
so I know she'll be
good with facilitating and
getting the girls together.
All right.
Nini.
Misty.
Ooh.
Drink it up. bitch.
Vita. darling.
Let's make it wet and Juicy.
Little old me.
I'm feeling a little Myki Meeks.
I do.
Still waiting to be
picked any minute.
Discord.
Yes.
All right. Nini. this
is your final pick.
Athena is giving both
me and Vita eyes. that
if you don't pick me.
I'm going to be pissed.
The problem is. Athena
is Grand Dame Diva down.
She doesn't seem
like a team player.
Let's take a trip to Kenya.
Come on. baby.
Oh. my God. honey.
You pleased me after all. honey.
All right. Vita. this
is your last pick.
Miss Jane.
Yay.
Thank fucking God.
Well. shit.
Athena is plucked like a fresh
feather off a chicken's ass.
And that means DD Fuego.
Darlene Mitchell. Mandy Mango.
and Athena Dion. you
will be the third group.
So excited.
Now. you all need to write
and record your own verses.
Then each group will be
in charge of the look and
their own choreography.
Now. I'm going to leave
you with the 3Q pop
tracks and let y'all decide
which group gets which song.
Oh. shit.
Oh. and one more thing.
This week. there will be
a lip sync for your life.
and one of you
will be eliminated.
Gag.
Now I have to slay
these bitches and show them what
they missed out on by
not putting me on their team.
Racers. start your engines.
And may the best drag queen win.
Oh. my goodness.
Let's get into it. girls.
And. go.
There's "Go. go. go".
The 80s BOP.
And then we have "Cherries
". the punk rock banger.
Oh. fuck. no.
And there's "Funk Almighty"
. the disco track.
Cute.
Look. you got choreo
already. Athena. just like
you used to do
in the depression. girl.
I want disco.
I love to whack and I
love to bring out that funk.
So I'm like. this
is my moment to shine.
Okay. ladies. so
now that we've heard
everything. let's talk
about what we like.
Yeah. well. let's go first.
Absolutely.
Let's go first.
I think that since
the two of you guys
have done a lot
of choosing already. and I
think we haven't had
our voices heard yet. so
I think we should
be able to choose firt.
Yes.
Your voice has
been heard. sister.
You picked the teams.
we picked the song.
So what are you guys
leaning towards?
The disco.
What about the other group?
We would like to
play with Disco.
Clearly we're the disco team.
Everyone wants disco.
It's the obvious choice.
RuPaul loves disco.
We all have a
disco costume in our suitcases.
Discord. do you also want
to do disco like your teammates?
Obviously. I want the punk song.
Yeah. you're meant
for it. I think.
I write lyrics for punk
bands. so. like. I know
I could help everybody.
Guide us vocally
through punk songs.
Discord. shut up.
But whatever they choose.
I will be happy with.
Okay. so we are.
Disco?
No. that's not decided.
How do you feel about the bop?
As these two groups
are going at it.
I look to Mia. I look to
Nini. and all of them are like:
"Let's pick the pop bop."
So that's awesome.
We're gonna go ahead
and take the pop.
No. you're not going to
go ahead and take anything.
No. you will not take
anything until we decide
who's taking disco.
Because if they take
the pop song and
they take disco. then
we end up with punk.
And no. you do not want
to see DD Fuego do punk.
I'm not going to be like:
For what?
You don't want to see that.
Okay. well. that means
we're going to be
here all day because
we're not taking punk.
Why can we not choose our song?
Because you're the leftovers.
We're not the fucking leftovers.
You're the leftover.
See. now you're
crossing into territory.
We're going to do disco
because that was so rude.
So why are you
going to get disco?
Because we should
have something here.
Vita.
Vita is not backing down.
Athena is not backing down.
So I just take Vita's
hands and I say. sister.
we have a winning team.
so just let them have disco.
Let's just take the punk one.
Let's give them disco.
- We'll turn the punk one out.
- I can turn it out for us.
Actually. you can have
disco because it seems
like you need it more.
Disco was my era. so
I'm just going back to
my childhood right now.
Totally.
At the end of the day.
I'm actually really
happy that I got punk.
It's all part of my plan.
So Nini's team is doing Wham.
Y'all will do disco and
we will do the punk song.
Thank you for fighting.
Go. team. go.
I love the disco track.
It just screams queer joy.
It screams empowerment.
Let's go. girls.
And I think the way I'm feeling
in this competition. I need
to find my inner strength
and really put it
all into this challenge.
Okey. girlies.
All right. guys.
I know that everyone except
for me really wanted disco.
But see. here's the thing.
You have to be very strategic
going into these things.
What people don't know
about me is that
I actually have a
background in. like. punkish.
So I'm very drawn to this.
Honestly with picking the songs.
I really. really wanted punk.
However. I knew Athena
wasn't gonna let me
really get what I wanted.
So they wouldn't
expect us to do good.
So I think we're gonna kill it.
I hear the punk group
and Vita is playing
chess with these girls.
She wanted punk
this entire time.
I think she just
wanted to piss Athena off.
Should we get to writing?
Yes.
Originally. I wanted
the disco track.
However. we've ended
up with the punk
song and I am
familiar with this world.
I used to manage punk bands.
I was an intern
at a record label.
So I have been this
woman in a past life.
What do you have?
Well. I have.
I think. mine mostly done.
I'm able to write
my verse pretty quickly.
and then I set
about to helping my group.
"You want my berries?"
"Well. get in line."
"Cause I run."
I need to fix a temple.
Juicy has some ideas. but
I don't think she quite
knows how to put them
in the structure of a song.
Maybe save this. right?
Save that little block
and then move it down.
So.
"I run through
guys like a 9 to 5.
Clocking in for work.
Yes. it's party
time or something".
Or something.
Cause you're the party princess.
Jane.
There you go.
And it's nine to five.
Yeah. I love it.
Do you want to help
me make my lyrics more fun?
Sure.
Discord is asking
me for help. which
is crazy. because.
Bitch. aren't you the
one of the punk band?
I ain't no chicken.
but I got that cock.
Briar in the room.
What?
Briar in the room. got
you hard like a rock.
Oh. my God.
I mean.
Maya Angelou wishes.
The 80s is totally my vibe.
Let's serve some fun and camp
and just. like. give it to them.
I am no stranger to "Wake Me Up
Before You Go-Go". an 80s anthem
about queer empowerment.
fun with friends. and
I am excited for us to Go-Go-Go.
We need to be vibrant and
proud queer people that we are.
Oh God.
You need a lemon girl.
Are you gonna be able to sing?
Even from last week.
my voice is still.
- From the scream.
- You think it's about that.
I do have experience
singing. but after last
week's screaming challenge.
my voice has been
coming in and out.
so I'm kind of freaking out.
So I've got to figure
out what my voice can do
and where it can plug in.
Oh. man.
It's just my fucking voice.
You're good.
Okay.
You've got this.
Fuck.
I'm not saying it was karma.
It's just a little
bit ironic. don't you think.
that you didn't pick
the goddess Athena and then.
poof!
You have no voice.
I'm very used to being
the underdog. and
I feel that for us.
I think they're
going to underestimate us.
Yeah. we're going to
prove some people wrong.
The group right now
is feeling tense.
Everybody is in their head
because no one picked us.
So we're letting that
sort of bond us together.
Disco is an uplifting
genre of music.
It's about positivity.
it's about happiness.
And I think all of
us are those kind of people.
We're all happy people.
Now we're kind of
having to smile
through. like. well. girls.
let's just get along.
Oh. I love you girls.
And we're gonna
get through this.
Teamwork.
I don't think any
of us believe that.
Can we talk about how.
literally. like. vengeful
Athena's being right now?
Feeling funky.
I don't think she wants
to be in that group.
She's literally wrapped
in a black shroud.
How you feeling over there?
Great.
Fantastic.
Yes.
Athena. how are you feeling?
Great until you popped up here.
I'm looking at Athena.
and it doesn't seem
like she's even listening
to her group. but
it's like maybe Athena
being a massive cunt
is helping us be
a better. stronger group.
All right. ladies.
Okay. bitch.
Wow.
It is time to come up with our
Q Pop girl group choreography.
But Ms.
Mia Mia Mia is a
choreographer professionally.
So
1 and 2. 3 and 4.
Yeah?
So starting with that right leg.
Listen. I got a
playbook for our team.
This is what
I call preparation. honey.
Okay?
Get into that.
And then you're gonna
turn and then go
down that left leg.
Cool?
Very cunt.
Everybody is doing so
good at the dancing.
Ms.
Ciara gets down. honey.
She is like. okay. bitch.
We got Ms.
Myki killing it.
We have Ms.
Nini.
I'm like. okay.
I feel really good
about our group right now.
- Glam!
- Glam.
Do you want to do spacing. or
should we start with
choreography right right now?
Let's start with choreography.
We can get spacing later.
It's clear that. you
know. you're probably lead.
Obviously. we defer to
Miss Juicy Love Dion.
Miss Thing can dance
like nobody else.
Let's do right.
left. and then you
roll to the right.
There you go.
Last week. I was in the bottom.
so I'm really banking
on this performance challenge.
But not everyone in the
group is as fluid as I
would like them to be.
We do have a couple
stragglers on timing. and
I see some eyes wandering.
Five. six.
And I want the two
lines to cross.
Where am I going?
It's not that dancing
is not Discord's strong suit.
It's that.
all movement. is
not Discord strong suit.
Take our positions and
we line up here.
And then we hit our.
I'm not a choreographer.
But I'm going to have to
dig through the Rolodex
of past group numbers
that I've done because
I think right now I'm the
only hope that we've got.
We're thinking. like. disco era.
There was a lot of.
like. the fist pumping.
a lot of. like. hip work.
This is giving New Jersey. diva.
No. but. like.
Athena's very assertive.
I think we should move
on to the next chunk.
Yes.
Yeah. but let's
not rush perfection. honey.
And I can tell that kind of rubs
DD a certain way a little bit.
Cause DD also has
a number of ideas.
So start here.
Let's say.
Can we be close?
Cause we're gonna
end up separate.
It's fine. girl.
We have to take up the space.
It's giving elementary
school pageant.
I want it to be. great.
And with the step
touches we've rehearsed so far.
I have some doubts.
So let's try that.
Wait. Are you going. Are we
going that way or that way?
I start with a very basic move.
Funk.
Oh. my God.
Darlene.
Short circuits.
Funk.
Nope. my body said no.
I'm feeling a little bit
like. as my mom would say.
a fart in a whirlwind.
1.
2.
3.
4.
I really do not want
to let these girls down. but.
I'm a little nervous.
Hello.
Here come "Cherries".
So now it's time to record our
song with Michelle Visage.
Say hi to our brilliant
composer. producer
David Steinberg.
Hello.
Hello!
So. first up. we've got Vita.
Hello.
Vita VonTesse Starr.
Here we go.
I am the baddest
bitch of them all.
When they want someone fierce.
I'm the one that they call.
Do you mean that?
Are you the baddest
bitch of them all?
I am!
Show me!
Okey!
I am the baddest
bitch of them all.
When they want someone fierce.
I'm the one that they call.
- Yes. Vita.
- Yes. yes.
There you go.
More of that. please.
Fuck the prim and proper.
Baby. this is punk.
So reach down and let them
know you are the baddest
bitch in this room.
Got me on my
knees. but I ain't praying.
Just went to the clinic.
tested positive for slaying.
Fun and funny.
I don't have any notes because
I think you did it great.
Thank you.
Of course.
Miss one-take-wonder
Jane over there.
She's crushing it.
Fuck you. Jane Don't.
Hello
Hello. hello. hello!
Funk
Almighty.
Si Señorita
Let's do it.
Take one.
I feel the fuego.
It burns.
But this friendly fire feeling
builds you up every turn.
You gotta feel the fantasy.
Tell me how you're
feeling. girls.
Okay.
I love everything that
you've done. except
there's no real pitch.
I just feel like there's so
much pitch damage in there that.
No disrespect.
No. I know.
It would take so long
to get that on pitch.
Athena fell asleep.
Did you see that?
Athena is out.
Like. just
Clocked out.
Well. Darlene. are you a singer?
I definitely am not
a singer and not a
falsetto. but we're gonna throw
that Sylvester note in there.
Oh. my goodness.
But we'll see.
We'll see.
Go for it.
Here we go.
Love yourself all
through your body.
Let it flow naturally.
You went for it. girl.
Yes. she did.
She definitely went for it.
However. the notes leading
up to that. we're going
to have to find a pitch.
Okay.
Pick a note. any note.
Love yourself all through your
body Let it flow naturally.
Oh. lord.
I'm not that worried
about me.
Hello. Michelle.
Hi gorge.
Hello. team.
Go. go. go.
Kenya Pleaser
I hope I please you right now.
Me too.
Yes. honey.
I was leading the worship
group at the church.
so I can carry a tune.
If you cannot sing in a black
church. they will let you know.
Hey boys. got something
to tell ya I'm the pleaser
and I go down on ya
Timing
Hey boys. I got
something to tell ya
I'm a pleaser and
I'll go down on ya
I'll go down on ya.
I'm a pleaser and
I'll go down on ya
I'm a pleaser and I'll
go down on ya and you'll
never have to cry.
Why'd you got to get fancy?
Why do you got to get fancy?
You had it.
Girl. I'm so extra.
Hello. Nini Coco.
Hello. hello.
Oh. gee.
Okay.
I lost my voice in the
screaming challenge. so
I'm having some trouble.
Are we speaking. then?
Yes.
I'm gonna just go for it.
So let's see what we
can come up with. all right?
Say love and get the lights on.
You bet us.
Oh. shit.
Don't worry. don't worry.
Okay
You're gonna be fine.
We're gonna get
what we need to get
Okay
Okay?
Say love and get the lights on.
Technicolor queen
you better shine on.
Stop getting into your head.
As long as you got
some squeak coming out.
then we can use that.
Yep.
I know that Nini
is a perfectionist at
heart and this is
sending her into a spiral.
Do do.
The show must go on.
Do you want to take
a break and hot water
and then start again?
Yeah.
All right. so
switch out.
Thank you.
My pleasure.
Feel like I'm
letting my team down.
I feel like I'm
letting Michelle down.
Fuck.
Is this the thing that
is gonna knock me out
of this competition?
Can we go on with Myki?
It cannot be worse timing.
We're all on a team.
If someone voices
gone. they can't sing.
How is it gonna sound?
Child. it's no shade.
I'm freaking the fuck out.
Okay. here we go.
Let's go.
It is a brand
new day in the workroom.
and we're getting ready for our
Q-pop girl group performance.
Ciao.
It is the first elimination
of the season after last week.
Ain't gonna be me.
Nini. how's your voice?
I'm not 100%. but I'm like.
I'm like 85. and
I'm feeling good.
I drank a lot of tea.
I was on vocal rest.
so I'm feeling much better.
I just hope that if I can
deliver on the performance side.
maybe they'll give
a little grace
to my recording session.
I hope.
I feel galvanized.
I feel awsome.
I'm so excited for you
this week because from last week
to 1:80. honey.
I'm ready to
shake my motherfucker titties
in front of RuPaul. honey. and.
Vita. Vita. Vita.
- You know you want to eat up.
So. Didi. I know in your
entrance. you said you
grew up in Mexico.
What was Monterrey like?
Monterrey is a very
closed. tight knit community.
Some people call it like
the Beverly Hills of Mexico.
People cared a lot about
what you look like. what
do you do for a living?
So. like. the men
are expected to become
businessmen and the women are
expected to become housewives.
I don't know if it was because
I was a delusional child or
because I had very
supportive family. but I
felt like I could be myself.
From the day I arrived.
You were fuego from the get.
Yeah Yeah.
How do they say gay
in Mexico?
Gay.
You were. like. really
wanting that punk gig.
As soon as RuPaul said:
"and we have a song based off
of the Runaways" I was like.
oh. do.
Oh. do we?
I'm also in a band.
and I play live guitar.
Oh. sick.
Yeah.
So outside of this
competition. I play guitar in
a punk band called Dame
Judy with my best friend.
and it is just so much fun.
We are able to bring drag back
to its roots of being punk rock.
I just want my music
to say something to people like.
hey. we don't have
to put up with
the bullshit that is Whatever
current administration. we're.
Push back.
Yeah. listen. queers. we're
in trouble right now.
I think drag has gotten a little
Disneyfied.
and there is a lot of drag that
doesn't say anything at all.
If I can preach to the world.
even just through music. and it
wakes people up a little
bit. I would feel really.
really good about that.
I love that
I love that.
To me. that's what
punk rock is all about.
It's calling out
the injustices in the world.
and it's making people think
about what is going
on around them instead of
just trying to escape it.
Girl.
How are we feeling. bitches?
Feeling funky. Feeling free.
Girl. I know that's not true.
Athena.
Tell us how you
really feel. bitch.
Now's your chance.
How did you feel
about not being picked?
I felt plucked.
gagged. and flabbergasted.
You're all a bunch of liars.
Oh.
There were only two people
that are actually team girls.
I'm like Nini and Vita.
Why don't you choose Athena?
Because it's the Athena show
anytime she walks in the room.
Okay.
This is a team
challenge. and I feel
like everyone that I
picked is a team player.
Oh. so you're saying
I'm not a team player?
I think that my team will agree
that I'm quite the team player.
That is true.
Athena is a good person
and a good team player.
How much were you
paid to say that?
What a good person!
She booked me a trip to Mykonos.
Because we are the
Leftovers team.
The other girls underestimate
what we can do. but our
individuality and our joy is
gonna take us to the top.
Oh. my God.
We're gonna have
our first mirror message.
Oh. my gosh.
What are you gonna say?
We're on the same
team. you bitch.
For now.
Welcome to the main
stage of RuPaul's Drag Race.
It's girl group night and
we have an all girl panel.
Michelle Visage.
Ooh. girl.
The fabulous Ts Madison.
Honey. the girls
are out tonight.
And she's back again.
Dove Cameron.
Hey. girl.
Hey.
The girls are doing it for who?
- - Themselves.
- Themselves
This week. we challenged our
queens to Qpop it like it's hot.
And tonight on
the Runway. category is:
Your neck.
your back.
your pussy.
and your crack.
Exquise me!
A look that shows
off your favorite body part.
Racers. start your engines.
And may the best drag queen win.
It is Showtime.
First up. it's the
Studio 50 Whores
performing "Funk Almighty".
Feeling funky. feeling
divine Love sensations.
know you're mine
Mighty. mighty. funk almighty
Down from Olympus.
and looking right
Your goddess is here
to shine her light
Get funky with me and
you'll see the gift bestowed
Is gonna set you free
Pay no mind to what the
haters say This is your
journey you lead the way
1 2 3 and 4 If they counting
you out. show them the door
Get Up!
Bougie!
Celebrate out on the dance floor
There is no time to waste
Take the leap. leave the
nest Spread your wings
baby. mother knows best
Funk almighty Funk almighty
America!
Red. white & blue!
Land of love. we got work to do!
I love me. do you love you?
Come join the fun.
just do you. boo!
Love yourself all through your
body Let it flow. naturallyyyyy!
Come on.
Feeling funky on
the floor Spread your
wings it's time to soar
Mighty. mighty. funk almighty
Who left this
fruit on the floor?
Cause the crowd. hear
them screaming for more
Mango always sweet
+ yummy All the people
want it in their tummy
Discoteque is where I thrive
My real queer self coming alive
Fruity. funky. freaky deaky No
matter who you are. be almighty
Leave that doubt at the
door Let your mind. heart.
and soul finally soar
Inspiration. perspiration
Prepare yourself
for this mango sensation
Yes.
I'm a disco deity
Mighty. mighty. funk almighty
I-I feel the fuego — it burns
But this friendly fire feeling
Builds you up every turn
So. I'm not your cup
of tea okay — I'm tequila
What you're saying ain't
forme. no baby I can't see ya
But you can't get through life
without a burn to your ego
And you can't spell funk
without the FU. in fuego
Feeling funky. feeling divine
Love sensations. know your mine
Mighty. mighty. funk almighty
I'm feeling really good.
I nailed the choreography. maybe
90%.
Up next. it's Glam performing
Go Go.
Go.
Wham damn. I am what I
am You want a show now?
Lets go go go
I'm Mama Mia It's
really nice to meet ya
Life of the party there's a
few things I can teach ya
They call me big back
and I got a nice rack
Every color of the
rainbow  Imma be that!
So if you're looking for
a fun place to go
GLAM IT UP with my
bitches and my hoes
And if you gay as hell too.
let these other bitches
know how you do you!
Hey Boys I got
something to tell ya
I'm a pleaser and
I'll go down on ya
Just be a hoe with
a heart of gold. child
Be kinky. be sexy. and be free
Never lose your pride
Let Kenya help you find it
And you'll never have to cry
Wham damn. I am what I am
You want a show now?
Lets go go go
Magic and MYSTerious
That's on Q That's on plus
I like butch. I like femme
You do they You do them
Love yourself.
each and every part
You're a masterpiece
a work of HEART
Be strong. be proud
Be true to you
Be the boss. be the hero
Be the bad bitch too
Be everything that
you are inside
Live free!
Get MYSTified
Say love. get the lights on
Technicolor queen
you better shine on
‘Cause it's show time. don't
shy. it's bitch let-it-go time
If you show me
yours. I'll show you mine
Heat it up. grab some Coco
Pull a look from head to toe-toe
It's me. you. & that ho too
Get on the floor
and dance how you do-do
Wham damn. lets do it again
I want some more now
So lets go go go
Wham Bam GLAM!
Got my sisters and
we're looking right
Let's go. girls!
It's the friends in my life
that helps Myki shine so bright
Now do I want a
man to come and hold me?
Sometimes!
But if you know what's inside.
trust your gut and you'll find
That queerness guiding light
It's the joy that
makes us so fine!
Wham damn. I am what I am
You want a show now?
Lets go go go
Lets go go go Lets go go go
Yeah.
I was completely
lost yesterday. but
my team rallied behind
me. and I'm like.
shit. we did the damn thing.
Up next. it's the Tucked Aways
Performing
"Cherries".
Hey. ho. lets go
I eat cherries. can't get enough
I eat cherries.
makes me feel tough
I eat cherries. sweet as pie
And I'll eat cherries
til the day I die
Chaos is sexy
Chaos is fun
I'll be your problem
if u ‘ain't got one
Chaos is wild
Chaos is sweet
Discord in the air
got U feelin' the heat
Shreddin on guitar
cuz Discord is major
Hanging with my girls.
it's gonna be a rager
Hey. ho. lets go
I am the baddest
bitch of them all
When they want someone fierce.
I'm the one that they call
My drag's top tier
No time to bottom
come prepared (I'm
here to stomp ‘em)
Vita Vita Vita
You know you wanna eat her
I eat cherries. can't get enough
I eat cherries.
makes me feel tough
I eat cherries. sweet as pie
And I'll eat cherries
til the day I die
Pop it like a cherry
I bust in your dairy
Feel our power
Standing strong like tower
I ain't no chicken
But I got that bacawk
Briar in the room got
you hard like a rock
With the powers of blush
And I ain't in a rush
So when I'm in doubt
I just always weird ‘em out
Yeah. when I'm in doubt
Hey. ho. lets go
They call me Jane
Don't get it twisted
I can't bend like that
Make me your bitch
But I'm a sister
but we can still
kiss if you want
Got me on my knees
But I ain't prayin
Forgive me. father!
No. I ain't prayin
Just went to the clinic
Tested positive for slayin'
It burns!
Tested positive for slayin
I love to lick ‘em
Taste ‘em open wide
I won't stop til i'm satisfied
I eat cherries. can't get enough
I eat cherries.
makes me feel tough
I eat cherries. sweet as pie
And I'll eat cherries
til the day I die
Hey. ho. lets go
Sweet like cherries
Fierce like a storm
Juicy Love Dion
I was born to perform
You want my juice?
Well get in line
Because I run through guys
Like a nine to five
You know Juicy's moves
Got you losing your mind
I like ‘em juicy
Hot in a cobbler
I'm one wild cherry gobbler
I eat cherries. can't get enough
I eat cherries.
makes me feel tough
I eat cherries. sweet as pie
And I'll eat cherries
til the day I die
Amazing.
Initially. I was not
going for the punk.
Now I'm thinking.
Thank fucking God we
got this punk song.
We kind of turned it.
Category is:
Your neck.
your back.
your pussy.
And your crack.
A look that shows
off your favorite body part.
Up first.
Athena Dion
Her back.
This is a very
Athena Dion look that
only the richest woman
in the world would wear.
No back rolls here. honey.
The bakery is closed.
Guess who's back in the house.
The incomparable
Darlene Mitchell.
Her skin.
It has taken me a very long time
to love the skin that I'm in
But. baby. I'm here
Now this is a little
nod to that girl performing
as trash all glowed up
Tans. tans. tans
across her shoulders.
Mandy Mango.
She's presenting her face.
She is.
My face is a
portrait in a picture
frame found on my
grandma's table at her house.
I'm showcasing my beauty as
a sexy non binary individual.
What am I looking at?
It's an altar
to herself.
If you can't pray to yourself.
How in the hell you
can pray to anybody else.
Amen.
DD Fuego.
Her legs.
Nothing beats a
great pair of legs.
Uh huh.
I am wrapped in a
custom organza boa.
There she is.
I am a cotton candy
sprinkles fantasy.
Do you ever wonder
what all that gum you
swallowed as a kid looks
like in your stomach now?
It's Mia Starr.
her neck.
Back.
pussy and crack.
I'd like to keep it on. please.
There's her neck.
This represents my drag
because I'm a woman.
And I'm a hoe.
There's her back.
And when I turn around.
you get all this cat.
There's the crack.
I can't see shit. but I know
the judges only got eyes for me.
Cover girl.
Put some lace in your walk.
Kenya Pleaser.
We can try.
She's serving her everything.
Come on. flying squirrel friend.
This is the epitome
of Kenya pleaser. honey.
I give a little
titty. titty. titty.
A little ass. ass. ass.
You know. people always
tell me. girl. cover
up. cover up. bitch. no.
Beaded for her pleasure.
Yes.
Up next. Ciara Myst.
Her eyes.
The eyes are the
nipples of the face.
They're also the
gateways to the soul.
I'm featuring a body part that
I love in and out of drag.
I am making sure they get
every inch of my eyes.
all four sets of them.
I wonder what makes
her brown eye blue.
Nini Coco
her brain.
This look is very cerebral.
My brain is always
on my mind. so I'm
serving up rhinestoned brain
on a pink platter. baby.
I made the look head
to toe. from the 3D
printed cap all the way to the
beautiful structured gloves.
You say hello to
me. I say lobotomy.
Miky Meeks.
Her legs.
I'm a walking billboard.
Best legs in town.
I take off the billboard and
you see the real pair of legs.
They are prime meat. baby.
Remember. she's more than just
a great pair of legs.
Is she?
Yeah.
She's a dumb slut. too.
Perfect.
Discord Adams. her
back and her crack.
I want to look like
a rich. gaudy Italian woman.
I want Michelle to look at me
and think that we are related.
Your walk kills me.
Now starring in Gold Sphincter.
Vita VonTesse
Starr.
her butt.
Ain't no two butts about it.
Baby.
That booty is important because
I'm from Alabama. home of
everything that goes right to
that ass and makes it thick.
I'm giving vintage
Linda Evangelista.
You know what I just remembered?
What?
I haven't flossed in a while.
Briar patch Blush.
Her finger.
Michelle.
What?
How much for one finger?
Well
This Runway represents
me because it's gorgeous
and glamorous. but a
little unhinged and weird.
Which way do I go?
I don't know.
I'm gonna listen to my finger.
Let's give that finger a hand.
Some girls do.
but Jane Don't.
She's featuring her mouth.
She's speaking in
tongues again. Ru.
I had to choose the body part
that I make all my money with.
My big mouth.
It's a Carol Burnett reference.
but edgier. because my mouth.
while beautiful and
lovely. is also sometimes
a little bit deadly.
A uvula.
You don't see many of those.
Not in Pacoima.
no.
Juicy Love Dion.
Her left leg.
Her right leg is
not up for discussion.
My designer. Francesco.
and I decided to take
it a Schiaparelli route.
I had surgery on my left leg.
She recovered excellently.
And she's as strong as ever.
You know that
movie My Left Foot?
Yeah.
Well. it's a remake.
My left Leg.
Welcome. queens.
When I call your
name. please step forward.
Athena Dionne.
Darlene Mitchell.
Mandy Mango.
DD Fuego.
Team Studio 50 Whores
I'm sorry. my dears. but
you are the bottom group
of the week.
And you're all up for
elimination.
Fuck.
Mia Starr.
Jane Don't.
You are tops.
I bet you don't hear that often.
The rest of you are safe.
You may leave the stage.
Now it's time for the judges
critiques. starting with
Athena Dion.
What I love about
you is you probably are
the most draggy drag
queen in this whole season.
I love the way you paint.
It's just drag.
This look that you have tonight
is majestic. gorgeous. stunning.
I'm just very impressed.
Thank you.
I know you are the
mother of the house of Dion.
Yes. m'am.
I love the way that you opened
up the girl group as mother.
But you guys were
given funky in a way that
Sylvester would have done it.
And I didn't get that.
What you all did was
sort of belittled the
song where you made it
when the song is more soulful.
You follow what I'm saying?
I do.
Up next. Darlene Mitchell.
Darlene.
Drag is always more.
Kind of like this outfit.
it's a whole bunch
of shit going on. girl.
In the girl group. you were
like a character out of a film
that I would. like. fall in love
with and paste all over my wall.
Like. you were really a vision.
You were so stunning.
But we were missing soul.
and I think it's
because you were each
doing your own thing
to get through it.
Even if you look at.
let's say. the Spice Girls. each
has their own personality. but
they all come together in unity.
The only time I felt
sort of that wild abandon of
disco happened was when you
were holding that long note and.
It sort of had the whimsy and
the non seriousness of disco.
Did you feel that
way in performing the number?
Yes.
Cause I'm actually really
proud of myself.
I did the bar
circuit. you know. for years.
And then I became sober.
and drag became something
very personal to me.
That I just did in my own home.
It's okay.
I didn't realize how
much I missed and needed
Um. the sort of queer
joy that all of these
girls have given me.
How long have you been sober?
I've been sober for
about nine years.
Can I ask you
about the name Darlene Mitchell?
Mitchell is actually
my given middle name.
And Darlene. I feel
like. is just the perfect
mix of this. like.
Dynasty. soap opera glamour.
and also just this trash.
It is one of the
stupidest names I've ever heard.
And I love it.
It's good to see you laugh
and you are in the right place.
This is where joy happens.
and this is our addiction.
It's a good addiction.
Thank you.
Up next. Mandy Mango.
Now. as far as the disco.
your death drop saved it for me.
I really like the way that
you danced and moved around.
You had quite a lot
of energy. but the energy
level was really mismatched.
The girl group
challenge has to be
about everyone finding
an equal level together.
You were doing Fred
Snyder from the B52s.
Fred Snyder's a great friend
of mine and of this show.
It just doesn't sort of work
with the Sylvester disco thing.
Tonight on the Runway.
it looks like you are
the work of art
and people are visiting you.
Am I correct?
I'm like the table
off to the side with
all the family picture frames
and little knickknacks. ok?
It's the bottom half that
doesn't really work for me.
I don't like those
colors together.
I understand you're trying
to be like the wood.
Now that you're
telling us what it is.
I wouldn't say it's
pleasing to the eye.
It's interesting.
Up next. DD Fuego.
Your legs are gorgeous.
so I'm glad you
showcased them. but I think
your makeup needs dementia.
Gets very flat.
I want to get to
the disco challenge.
Girl. you were stiff as a dick.
I do agree it was
very stiff and it felt enclosed.
I really think that you boxed
yourselves in with the choreo.
I think it must
have been a misunderstanding of
what the song was and what
you were meant to do with it.
Absolutely.
She's absolutely right.
Who was the leader
of your group?
There wasn't one leader.
but especially. I think. during
the choreography section. Athena
led us through that moment.
Did you have any
input in the choreo?
I did.
I wish maybe that I pushed my
opinion more to elevate the
steam and to funk it up.
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you.
Up next. Mia Starr.
When the performance was
over. Ts and I leaned
over to each other. and
we said. that's a star.
Yep.
You were bossing
everyone around with your
energy. and I was also.
like. a little afraid of you
in. like. a really sexy way.
From the moment
you opened your mouth.
you pulled us in
as a recording artist.
You want there to
be a reason for your
voice to be recorded. and
that's what you gave us.
This look.
I think the concept
is amazing. but for me.
I like to see your
face a little bit.
I just like to see the drags.
If you're gonna give
somebody your neck. your back
your pussy and your crack.
let them look into your
eyes and give you money.
Up next.
Some girls do.
But Jane Don't.
After recording with you
and seeing what you
did. I can tell
how smart you are.
You knew just what you
wanted to do. and what
came out was pure magic.
And then this on
the Runway. Honey. it had
me over here under
the table. speaking in tongues.
You are so hilarious.
So camp.
You were a rock star.
I would put the record
back over and over so
I could hear your part because
it is completely fire retardant.
That means you
won't light on fire.
It means you won't
light on fire.
Thank you. queens.
I think we've heard enough.
While you untuck backstage. the
judges and I will deliberate.
All right. now.
just between us squirrel
friends. I want to
know what you think.
Let's start with Athena Dion.
I think. as
the leader. definitely
some pressure is going
to fall on her shoulders for the
shortcomings of the performance.
But she was beautiful
tonight on the Runway. she
embodied goddess to me.
Darlene Mitchell.
The way she screamed and
yodeled it drew me in.
But it was her
stiffness that kept me out.
But everything was there.
Visually. she looked like
a glamorous disco Sherry Lewis.
All she needed was
a disco lamb chop.
I would have been very happy.
Mandy Mango.
Mandy could actually
dance. and she can dance
really. really well.
However. she needs
to switch to decaf.
We absolutely needed her
to just take it
down a little bit
so she can fit in.
But her look tonight
on the Runway. when she
said that the skirt was
supposed to be wood. was
when I did my
own little Google map zoom
out. and I was like.
oh. that really doesn't read.
That really.
That really doesn't read.
If it's brown.
flush it down.
Thank you.
Let's talk about DD Fuego.
Tonight on the Runway.
I did love her legs.
I thought that
they were very handsome.
Not handsome.
I love that in her lyrics
she was talking about
"fuego". but she actually
could have gotten
really behind these lyrics
and showed us who she really is.
I saw so much
personality behind the eyes.
I think she has a fire and
she's just not expressing it.
Where is the fuego?
All right. let's move
on down to Mia Starr.
As soon as she opened
her mouth. we was like.
okay. I'm here for that.
The tone of her voice.
she branded herself with the
mamma Mia was like. ah.
this is what I want.
But here's the thing.
For me on the Runway. I would
have loved to seen her eyes.
I think her brown
eye was showing.
It was.
Jane Don't.
She really seems like
someone who knows who
she is is very confident.
She understands
what the brief is.
what her brand is.
And then on the Runway.
this is classic Seattle drag.
She even had gums on her mouth.
Everything about it
I just thought was
really well done. and
I just loved her.
All right.
Silence.
I've made my decision.
Bring back. my girls.
Welcome back. queens.
I've made some decisions.
Darlene Mitchell.
We love the skin you're in
now it's time to
let it all hang out.
You are safe.
You may join the other girls.
Thank you.
Mia Starr.
Your neck. your back.
your pussy. and you're safe.
You may join the other girls.
Yes. Mia.
Thank you.
Jane Don't.
This week. we loved your lips.
All three sets.
Condragulations.
You are the winner
of this week's challenge.
Thank you so much.
You've won a cash tip of $5.000.
To have won this challenge
feels completely out
of left field. but also.
A little correct.
Thank you.
What the fuck?
Athena Dion.
you needed more
funk in your trunk.
Mandy Mango.
Your table look was. wobbly.
DD Fuego.
Your fuego was. not on fire.
Athena Dion.
you're safe.
Thank you.
You may join the other girls.
Good luck. diva.
I love you.
I love you. baby.
You do good.
Holy fuck.
Mandy.
DD.
I'm sorry. my dears.
but you are both up
for elimination.
I feel confused.
I don't know if
it's delusion. but I don't
think the team was in
the bottom because of me.
Two queens stand before me.
Prior to tonight.
you were asked to
prepare a lip sync
performance of Too Much.
By Dove Cameron.
We're experiencing the first lip
sync for your life of season 18.
In this corner. DD Fuego.
Consummate New York performer.
And in this corner. Mandy Mango.
A literal table.
And over there is Dove Cameron.
This is too much.
Ladies. this is your
last chance to impress me.
And save yourself
from elimination.
The time has come.
For you to lip sync
for
your
Life.
It's my second time in the
bottom. and I very well could
be the first to go home.
and I can't let that happen.
My energy didn't match the girl
group. but. mama. I'm ready to
give a high energy number for
this lip sync for my life.
Good luck.
And don't
fuck it up.
Let's go.
Mandy is such a sweet
spirit. and I'm so Team Mandy.
So I'm like. get
that damn table off.
Trinkets are
shattering everywhere.
The table finally comes off.
That means it is now on.
Work. Mandy!
Yes. DD!
Work it!
Come on.
DD is sitting over
there looking like a loofah.
She's literally doing this.
What?
Come on. Mandy!
That was so good.
Queens.
I've made my decision.
Mandy Mango.
Shantay. you stay.
You may join the other girls.
Thank you so much.
DD Fuego.
Hasta luego.
Now sashay away.
Thank you all so much.
It's been an honor to
be here with all of you.
I love y'all.
We love you so much.
Well. it was short.
It was sweet.
I wish it had been
a little spicier.
Adiós.
I'm gagged.
I have been the
first eliminated.
I'm disappointed.
But this is just the beginning
of the dreams coming true.
The fire in DD
Fuego will keep burning bright.
It's been real. real spicy.
Condragulations. queens.
And remember. if you
can't love yourself. how
in the hell are
you gonna love somebody else?
Can I get an amen up in here?
Amen!
All right. now.
let the music play.
Next time on RuPaul's Drag Race.
you'll be starring in RDR live.
First. we start with
role playing and boppers.
This is insanity. folks.
I want you to be the best
assistant secretary you can be.
I don't act.
I don't do comedy.
What the hell did
I just get myself into?
You're coming for my job.
I see.
And I was like. no.
you are a drag queen.
Give me more.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm